Meta Privacy Policy - How Meta collects and uses user data
93–118 minutes
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?

Effective June 26, 2024
Highlights

    This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and share your information. It also describes how long we keep your information and how we keep it safe when we transfer it.
    The Privacy Policy also lets you know your rights
    This policy applies to what we call Meta Products, or Products. Our Products include Facebook, Instagram, and Messenger.
    It also applies to Meta Quest if you log in with a Facebook or Meta account

We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use Meta Products[1] in the way that’s right for you.

In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of the Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.

It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can update these settings to shape your experience.

Read the full policy below.

1
What Products does this policy cover?

A Meta Quest, a mobile phone showing the Facebook, Instagram and Messenger apps, and a pair of Ray-Ban Stories glasses sit on a table.

This policy describes the information we, Meta Platforms, Inc., process to provide Meta Products. Meta Products, which we also call "Products," include:

    Facebook
    Messenger
    Instagram (including apps like Boomerang and Threads)
    Facebook Portal products
    Meta Platforms Technologies Products, such as Meta Horizon Worlds or Meta Quest (when using a Facebook or Meta account)
    Shops
    Marketplace
    Meta Spark
    Business products, such as Meta Business Tools and Meta Business Suite
    Meta Audience Network
    Facebook View
    Meta Pay
    Meta checkout experiences

Some of our Products also have a supplemental privacy policy[2] that adds to the information provided in this policy.

2
Supplemental policies

Return to top
What information do we collect?
Highlights

In this policy we list the kinds of information we collect. Here are some important ones. We collect:

    The information you give us when you sign up for our Products and create a profile, like your email address or phone number
    What you do on our Products. This includes what you click on or like, your posts and photos and messages you send. If you use end-to-end encrypted messaging, we can't read those messages unless users report them to us for review.
    Who your friends or followers are, and what they do on our Products
    Information from the phone, computer, or tablet you use our Products on, like what kind it is and what version of our app you’re using
    Information from partners[3] about things you do both on and off of our Products. This could include other websites you visit, apps you use or online games you play.

The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our Products[4]. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you even if you don't have an account[5].

Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide

An elderly man sitting at a desk and using a credit card to shop on his laptop.

On our Products[4], you can send messages, take photos and videos, buy or sell things and much more. We call all of the things you can do on our Products "activity." We collect your activity across our Products and information you provide[6], such as:

    Content you create, like posts, comments or audio[7]
    Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features. Learn more[8] about what we collect from these features, and how we use information from the camera for masks, filters, avatars and effects.
    Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to applicable law. We can't see the content of end-to-end encrypted messages unless users report them to us for review. Learn more.
    Metadata[9] about content and messages, subject to applicable law
    Types of content, including ads, you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
    Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them. See examples[10].
    Purchases or other transactions you make, such as through Meta checkout experiences, including credit card information. Learn more[11].
    Hashtags you use
    The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products

Information with special protections

You might choose to provide information about your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership. These and other types of information could have special protections under the laws of your jurisdiction.
Friends, followers and other connections
Information we collect about your friends, followers and other connections

We collect information about friends, followers, groups, accounts, Facebook Pages and other users and communities you’re connected to and interact with. This includes how you interact with them across our Products and which ones you interact with the most.
Information we collect about contacts

We also collect your contacts’ information, such as their name and email address or phone number, if you choose to upload or import it from a device[12], like by syncing an address book.

If you don’t use Meta Products, or use them without an account, your information might still be collected. Learn more about how Meta uses contact information uploaded by account holders.

Learn how to upload and delete contacts on Facebook and Messenger, or how to connect your device's contact list on Instagram.
Information we collect or infer about you based on others’ activity

We collect information about you based on others' activity. See some examples[13].

We also infer things about you based on others' activity. For example:

    We may suggest a friend to you through Facebook's People You May Know feature if you both appear on a contact list that someone uploads.
    We take into account whether your friends belong to a group when we suggest you join it.

App, browser and device information

We collect and receive information from and about the different devices[12] you use and how you use them.

Device information we collect and receive includes:

    The device and software you’re using, and other device characteristics. See examples[14].
    What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
    Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’, including Family Device IDs. See examples[15].
    Signals from your device. See examples[16].
    Information you’ve shared with us through device settings, like GPS location, camera access, photos and related metadata[17]
    Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address[18]. See more examples[19].
    Some location-related information, even if Location Services is turned off in your device settings. This includes using IP addresses to estimate your general location.
    Information about our Products’ performance on your device. Learn more[20].
    Information from cookies and similar technologies. Learn more.[21]

Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What kinds of information do we collect or receive?

We collect and receive information from partners[22], measurement vendors, marketing vendors and other third parties[23] about a variety of your information and activities on and off our Products[4].

Here are some examples of information we receive about you:

    Your device[12] information
    Websites you visit and cookie data, like through Social Plugins or the Meta Pixel
    Apps you use
    Games you play
    Purchases and transactions you make off of our Products using non-Meta checkout experiences
    Your demographics, like your education level
    The ads you see and how you interact with them
    How you use our partners’ products and services, online or in person

Partners[3] also share information like your email address, cookies[21] and advertising device ID with us. This helps us match your activities with your account, if you have one.

We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products. Learn more about how we connect information from partners to your account.

Partners also share with us their communications with you if they instruct us to provide services to their business, like helping them manage their communications. To learn how a business processes or shares your information, read their privacy policy or contact them directly.
Take control
How do we collect or receive this information from partners?

Partners use our Business Tools, integrations and Meta Audience Network technologies to share information with us.

These partners collect your information when you visit their site or app or use their services, or through other businesses or organizations they work with. We require partners to have the right to collect, use and share your information before giving it to us.
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?

Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more[24]

What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?

In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control

3
Partner

A person, business, organization or body using or integrating our Products to advertise, market or support their products and services

4
What Products does this policy cover?

A Meta Quest, a mobile phone showing the Facebook, Instagram and Messenger apps, and a pair of Ray-Ban Stories glasses sit on a table.

This policy describes the information we, Meta Platforms, Inc., process to provide Meta Products. Meta Products, which we also call "Products," include:

    Facebook
    Messenger
    Instagram (including apps like Boomerang and Threads)
    Facebook Portal products
    Meta Platforms Technologies Products, such as Meta Horizon Worlds or Meta Quest (when using a Facebook or Meta account)
    Shops
    Marketplace
    Meta Spark
    Business products, such as Meta Business Tools and Meta Business Suite
    Meta Audience Network
    Facebook View
    Meta Pay
    Meta checkout experiences

Some of our Products also have a supplemental privacy policy[25] that adds to the information provided in this policy.

5
Information we collect and receive if you use or interact with our Products but don’t have an account

Even if you don't have an account, you may interact with or use Meta Products[4]. Then we collect things like:

    Browser and app logs of your visits to public content, like Facebook Pages, videos and rooms
    Basic information about devices[12] that downloaded our apps, like device model and OS

We also receive information using cookies and similar technologies, like the Meta Pixel or Social Plugins, when you visit other websites and apps that use our Business Tools or other Meta Products. Read more about information we receive from partners, vendors and other third parties in this policy and in our Cookies Policy.
Examples of why we collect and receive information
Security of our Products

For example, we collect information to monitor attempted attacks on our systems, such as overloading our servers with traffic. Also, if we see someone without an account trying to load too many pages, they could be trying to scrape our site in violation of our terms. Then we can take action to prevent it.
Safety and integrity

For example, if someone without an account joins a room and shares a harmful video, we can take action according to our Community Standards. We can remove content that violates our terms and policies, or share information with law enforcement when we believe there is a genuine risk of death or imminent bodily harm.
Advertising

For example, you may also see ads for the Meta Company Products shown through Meta Audience Network when you visit other apps if we can’t recognize you as a registered user of the Meta Products.
Performance

For example, we collect information when people use our Products, even if they don’t have an account, to measure how fast our pages load in different countries and whether they're working properly. This helps us identify and fix issues with local networks.

6
Information you provide

For example, when you create a Facebook account, you must provide some information, like a password and your email address or phone number. You might choose to add other details to your account, like a profile photo or payment information.

We also collect information you provide when you:

    Create your avatar
    Fill out a form
    Contact us

7
Audio content you create

You can create audio content, like if you're a host or speaker in an audio-only broadcast. Anyone in the audience for the broadcast can listen to this audio content.

8
What we collect from our camera feature

A hand holding a mobile phone applies a butterfly Instagram filter to a photo of a flower garden.

José likes using Instagram’s Camera feature to take pictures of his flower garden. We collect information about how José uses the Camera feature. For example, if he chooses a background effect for the photo he’s about to take, we collect information from the camera so we can apply the effect to his photo.
How filters, effects, masks and avatars work

A mobile phone screen of a man taking a selfie with a flower filter applied to the face.

If you use our camera or allow access to photos and videos, on certain Meta Products you can add filters, effects, masks or avatars. Some of these features process parts of faces or bodies within the camera frame, photo or video. Then they can do things like fit a mask correctly over the eyes, nose and mouth. The information we use for this process is used to create the feature. It’s not used to identify you.
What we collect from voice-enabled features

A person using Ray-Ban Stories to take a photo of three friends posing on the beach.

Ren tells Meta’s voice-enabled Assistant to take a photo on smart glasses. A visual indicator shows that Assistant is activated and listening for Ren’s command. We collect this voice interaction, which includes any background sound that occurs when Ren says the command. Collecting Ren’s voice interactions lets us provide and, depending on Ren’s settings, improve the Assistant feature.

9
Metadata

    Information about the content itself, like the location where a photo was taken or the date a file was created
    Information about the message itself, like the type of message or the date and time it was sent

10
Apps and features you use, and how you use them

For example, we log:

    What apps, posts, videos, ads, games, Shops and other content you view or interact with on our Products
    What features you access from our messaging products
    When you use Social Plugins, Facebook Login, in-app browser link history or autofill
    Information about websites that you visit or interact with when you use our in-app browser. Learn more.

11
Purchases or other transactions

We collect information when you use our Products to buy or sell things or make or receive financial transactions.

Some examples are:

    Purchases within an online game
    Donations to a friend’s fundraiser
    Purchases in Marketplace, Shops or groups
    Payments or purchases made using Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences
    Money transfers to friends and family (where available)

What we collect from transactions

When you use our Products to buy or sell things or make or receive financial transactions, including payments using Meta Pay or in Marketplace, Shops or groups, or use other Meta checkout experiences, we collect information about your purchase or other financial transactions, like:

    Credit or debit card number and other financial account information
    Billing, shipping and contact details
    Items you bought and how many
    Other account and authentication information

Why we collect this information

We collect and store this information to facilitate your purchase, receipt of payments and other financial transactions, to personalize your experience on our Products, for advertising and to allow you to access and view your payment and transaction history, where available. And, depending on your choices, we store this information to provide you faster and easier payment and financial transactions experiences.
More in the Privacy Policy

12
Device

Devices include computers, phones, hardware, connected TVs, Meta Quest and other web-connected devices.

13
When we collect information based on others’ activity

For example, we collect information about you on Meta Products when others:

    Share or comment on a photo you’re tagged in
    Send you a message
    Invite you to join a conversation
    Upload their address book that has your contact information in it
    Invite you to play a game

14
What device you’re using, and other device characteristics

We collect device information like:

    The type of device
    Details about its operating system
    Details about its hardware and software
    Brand and model
    Battery level
    Signal strength
    Available storage
    Browser type
    App and file names and types
    Plugins

15
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’

Identifiers we collect include device IDs, mobile advertiser ID or IDs from games, apps or accounts you use. We also collect Family Device IDs or other identifiers unique to Meta Company Products associated with the same device or account.

16
Device signals

Device signals include GPS, Bluetooth signals, nearby Wi-Fi access points, beacons and cell towers.

17
Related metadata

For example, if you give us permission to access your device’s camera roll, we collect metadata. This metadata is from and about your photos and videos and includes the date and time they were made. We use this to do things like remind you when you have new photos to upload.

18
IP address

Stands for "internet protocol address." It’s a unique number assigned to a device, like a phone or computer, that allows it to communicate over the internet. Numbers are assigned according to standard guidelines, or protocols.

Just like you need a mailing address to receive a letter from a friend, your device needs an IP address to receive information on the internet.

19
Information about the network you connect your device to and your internet connection

Information about your network and connection includes:

    The name of your mobile operator or internet service provider (ISP)
    Language
    Time zone
    Mobile phone number
    IP address
    Connection and download speed
    Network capability
    Information about other devices that are nearby or on your network
    Wi-Fi hotspots you connect to using our Products

One reason we collect this information is to make your experience better. For example, if we know that your phone and TV are connected to the same network, we can help you use your phone to control a video stream on your TV.
More in the Privacy Policy

20
Information about our Products’ performance on your device

We collect device information to prevent, diagnose, troubleshoot and fix errors and bugs. This includes how long the app was running, what model of device you were using and other performance and diagnostic information.

21
Information from cookies and similar technologies

Cookies are small pieces of text used to store information on web browsers. We use cookies and similar technologies, including data that we store on your web browser or device, identifiers associated with your device and other software, Social Plugins and the Meta Pixel. They help us provide, protect and improve our Products, such as by personalizing content, tailoring and measuring ads and providing a safer experience.

We collect information from cookies stored on your device, including cookie IDs and settings.

Read our Meta Cookies Policy.

22
Types of partners
Partners

Our partners[3] use our Products, including our Business Tools and other technologies that allow businesses to advertise or support their products. Business Tools also help our partners understand and measure how people are using their products and services and how well their ads are working. For example, they might put one of our Business Tools, the Meta Pixel, on their website. Or they might use Meta Audience Network tools to monetize their apps by showing ads from businesses that advertise on Facebook.
Integrated partners

Integrated partners[26] also use our Products, specifically the technologies that help you make a connection to them. For example, you might log into their app or website using Facebook Login. Or you might play their game on Facebook, which we call an integration because you can play without leaving our app.
Who are our partners and integrated partners?

Here are some examples:

    Advertisers
    Businesses and people that use our Products to sell or offer goods and services
    Publishers (like a website or app) and their vendors
    App developers
    Game developers
    Device manufacturers, internet service providers and mobile network operators
    E-commerce platforms

23
Other third parties we get information from

Some people, businesses, organizations and bodies share information with Meta but don’t necessarily use our Products. We collect and receive information from these other third parties[27], including:

    Publicly available sources, like academic papers and public forums
    Industry peers, such as other online platforms and technology companies
    Marketing and advertising vendors and data providers, who have the rights to provide us with your information
    Companies or organizations that provide content, including videos, photos, and audio
    Law enforcement
    Government authorities
    Professional and non-profit groups, like NGOs, and charities
    Academic and research institutions, like universities, non-profit research groups and think tanks

Third-party public sources

We get datasets from publicly available sources, research institutions and professional and non-profit groups. We use these datasets to:

    Detect and stop scraping in violation of our terms
    Take other actions to promote the safety, security and integrity of our Products, our users, the public and our personnel and property
    Improve our AI technologies and support AI research and product development, such as translations, computer vision, content understanding, natural language processing, and tools for people and businesses to create content
    Engage with research survey respondents who choose to participate in additional conversations

More in the Privacy Policy

24
What happens if you don’t let us collect certain information

For example, if you don’t provide an email address or phone number, we won’t be able to create an account for you to use our Products.

Or you can choose not to add Facebook friends, but then your Facebook Feed won’t show friends’ photos and status updates.

25
Supplemental policies

26
Integrated partner

A partner who uses technologies that help you make a connection to them through our Products, including plugins, login, checkout experiences, instant games, and other such integrations

27
Third party

A person, business, organization or body that is not part of the Meta Companies

Return to top
How do we use your information?
Highlights

Here are some of the ways we use your information:

    We personalize your experience, like by suggesting reels to watch or communities to join
    We improve our Products by applying information about what you use them to do, and what else is happening on your device when our app crashes
    We work to prevent harmful behavior and keep people safe on our Products
    We send you messages about the Products you use or ones you might like, if you let us
    We research for the good of people around the world, like to advance technology or to help out in a crisis

We use information we collect to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads, along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.

For some of these purposes, we use information across our Products[28] and across your devices[29]. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use manual review[30] to access and review your information.

To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.

Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products

We use information we have to provide and improve our Products[31]. This includes personalizing features, content and recommendations, such as your Facebook Feed[32], Instagram feed, Stories and ads. We use information with special protections you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.

Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads and other sponsored or commercial content

When you use our Products, you see ads and sponsored or commercial content, like product listings in Shops. You also see ads shown through Meta Audience Network or commercial content when you visit other apps. We use your information to show you ads paid for by advertisers, businesses, and organizations. We want everything you see to be interesting and useful to you.

To decide what to show you and others, we use information we have about you, including:

    Your profile information
    Your activity on and off our Products, including information we receive through cookies and similar technologies, according to your settings
    Content you create or interact with across Facebook and Instagram
    Things we infer about you, like topics we think you may be interested in
    Information about your friends, followers or other connections, including their activity or interests

See some examples.[33]

Learn more about some of the ways we show you ads that we think may be interesting to you, including using machine learning.
Take control

Manage ad preferences
How we use information to improve our Products

We’re always trying to make our Products better and create new ones with the features you want. Information we collect from you helps us learn how.

We use information we collect to:

    See if a product is working correctly
    Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
    Test out new products and features to see if they work
    Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
    Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better

How we use location-related information

We use location-related information that you allow us to receive if you turn on the Location Services device setting. This includes things like your GPS location and, depending on the operating system you're using, other device signals[34].

We also receive and use some location-related information even if Location Services is turned off. This includes:

    IP addresses[35], which we use to estimate your general location. We can use IP addresses to estimate your specific location if it’s necessary to protect the safety and security of you or others.
    Your and others' activity on our Products, like check-ins and events
    Information you give us directly, like if you enter your current city on your profile, or provide your address in Marketplace

We use location-related information, such as your current location, where you live, the places you like to go and the businesses and people you're near, to do the things described in the “How do we use your information?” section of the Policy, like:

    Provide, personalize and improve our Products, including ads, for you and others. See an example[36].
    Detect suspicious activity and help keep your account secure. Learn how.[37]

Take control

Manage location settings
To promote safety, security and integrity

We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more

To provide measurement, analytics and business services

Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more

To communicate with you

We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more

To research and innovate for social good

We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more

Promoting safety, security and integrity

Here are some ways we promote safety, security and integrity. We work to:

    Verify accounts and activity
    Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board. They may use information we have when they review our decisions. Learn more about how the Oversight Board processes information.
    Investigate suspicious activity
    Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior
    Identify and combat disparities and racial bias against historically marginalized communities
    Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences
    Detect when someone needs help and provide support
    Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property
    Maintain the integrity of our Products

Learn more about how we work to keep Meta a safe place for everyone.
Take control
Providing measurement, analytics and business services

To provide measurement and analytics services, we use the information we collect about you across your accounts on our Products.

Our measurement and analytics services help our partners[38] understand things like:

    How many people see and interact with their products, services or content, including posts, videos, Facebook Pages, listings, Shops and ads (including those shown through apps using Meta Audience Network)
    How people interact with their content, websites, apps and services
    What types of people[39] interact with their content or use their services
    How people use our partners' products and services to connect to Meta Products, the performance of their connection and networks and users' experience with them

We also use the information we collect to provide business services.
More in the Privacy Policy
Communicating with you

We communicate with you in a few different ways. For example:

    We send messages about the Products we know you use, using the email you register to your account
    Depending on your settings, we send marketing communications about Products you might like
    We ask you to participate in research based on things like how you use our Products
    We let you know about our policies and terms of service
    When you contact us with questions, we reply to your email
    We facilitate customer support communications with you when you've told us, either directly or through a third party[40], that you have questions or concerns about our Products

We also use information about how you interact with our messages, like if you open an email from us. This helps us understand the best way to reach you and whether our communications are helpful.
Take control
Researching and innovating for social good

We research and innovate to help people around the world. Our goals include:

    Contributing to social good and areas of public interest
    Advancing technology
    Improving safety, health and well-being

Here are some examples of our research:

    We analyze information about where groups of people go during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
    We work with independent researchers to better understand the impact social media might have on elections and democratic processes
    We’ve collaborated with academics and industry experts to help improve internet access and quality in rural areas
    We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning

Learn more about our research programs
More in the Privacy Policy

28
Using information across our Products

We use information across your accounts on our Products to:

    Personalize ads for you and others. Learn more.
    Measure the performance of those ads. Learn more.
    Provide more personalized features, content and suggestions across our Products. See examples[41].
    More accurately count people and understand how they use our Products
    Help keep you and others safe. Learn more.

If you add accounts to the same Accounts Center, we also use your information to offer connected experiences and improve your experiences across accounts. See an example.[42]
Take control

Manage accounts

29
Why we use information across devices

One reason we use your information across devices[43] is to help us give you a more personalized experience. For example, we might show you an ad on your phone, and later you might use your laptop to click on the ad and buy the product. By combining that information across your devices, we can understand what ads are relevant to you and help businesses measure how well their ad performed.

30
Manual review
Examples of when we use manual review

    Our reviewers help us promote safety, security and integrity across our Products. For example, reviewers can look for and remove content that violates our terms and policies and keep content that doesn’t break our terms and policies available. Their work supplements our technology that detects violations.
    When our algorithms detect that someone might need help, a reviewer can review their post and offer support if needed.
    We also use manual review to analyze content to train our algorithms to review content the same way a person would. This improves our automatic processing, which in turn helps us improve our products.

Who reviews this information

Our reviewers work at Meta, for Meta Companies or for a trusted service provider[44]. We require every reviewer who's allowed access to your information to meet privacy and security standards.

Learn more about how Meta prioritizes content for manual review.

31
What Products does this policy cover?

A Meta Quest, a mobile phone showing the Facebook, Instagram and Messenger apps, and a pair of Ray-Ban Stories glasses sit on a table.

This policy describes the information we, Meta Platforms, Inc., process to provide Meta Products. Meta Products, which we also call "Products," include:

    Facebook
    Messenger
    Instagram (including apps like Boomerang and Threads)
    Facebook Portal products
    Meta Platforms Technologies Products, such as Meta Horizon Worlds or Meta Quest (when using a Facebook or Meta account)
    Shops
    Marketplace
    Meta Spark
    Business products, such as Meta Business Tools and Meta Business Suite
    Meta Audience Network
    Facebook View
    Meta Pay
    Meta checkout experiences

Some of our Products also have a supplemental privacy policy[45] that adds to the information provided in this policy.

32
How we personalize your Facebook Feed

Your Facebook Feed is unique to you. We order (or “rank”) the content you can see in your Feed, and you can learn more about the different types of signals we use to rank it. We also suggest content that’s relevant to you.

Many things influence the content you see in your Feed.

For example:

    If your friends, connections or people you may know interact with a Facebook Page, post or certain topic, we can suggest similar content to you. So if your friend Ahmad comments on a post about national parks, we can suggest the national parks post to you.
    If you and others interact with the same group, Facebook Page or post, we can suggest another group, Page or post that they interact with for you. So if you and Sharmila are in the same cat lovers group and Sharmila likes a Page that sells scarves, we might suggest the scarves Page to you.
    If you’ve recently engaged with a certain topic on Facebook, we might then suggest other posts that are related to that topic. So if you recently liked or commented on a post from a basketball Page, we could suggest other posts about basketball.
    You might see posts based on where you are and what people near you are interacting with on Facebook. So if you’re near a sports stadium, we can suggest games or events occurring at the stadium. Learn more about how we use location-related information.

Take control

Manage Facebook Feed

33
Your activity on our Products

A cup of coffee, two donuts, and a hand holding a phone that shows an ad for a bakery.

For example, William checks into a local bakery on Facebook, so later we might show him ads on Instagram for other local bakeries.
Your activity on third-party websites and apps, depending on your settings

An open shoebox, a new pair of shoes, and a hand holding a phone that shows an ad for shoes.

For example, Jane buys a pair of shoes from an online shoe store or in an online chat with a shoe seller. The seller shares Jane’s activity with us using our Business Tools, subject to our Business Tools Terms.

Later, Jane sees an ad on Instagram for a discount on her next shoe purchase from the online store.

If she doesn't want to see ads from this shoe store again, she can hide them in her Advertisers setting. Or if she doesn’t want us to show her any ads based on her activity on other websites and apps, she can make sure that this setting is turned off in her ad preferences.
Topics we think you might be interested in

A turntable, a laptop, headphones, and a pair of hands holding a phone that shows an ad for a music festival.

For example, Jon likes several Facebook Pages about famous musicians, so we think he has an interest in "music."

Based on this interest, we might show him an ad for a local record shop or an online music publication.

Jon can manage his interests in his ad topics.
Your connections

An easel with a painting on it and a hand holding a phone that shows an ad for an art fair.

For example, Fiona’s friend likes an Instagram account for a local art fair. Based on her friend’s activity, we might show Fiona an ad for the art fair.

34
Other device signals we receive

We receive different types of device signals from different operating systems. They include things like nearby Bluetooth or Wi-Fi connections.

35
IP address

Stands for "internet protocol address." It’s a unique number assigned to a device, like a phone or computer, that allows it to communicate over the internet. Numbers are assigned according to standard guidelines, or protocols.

Just like you need a mailing address to receive a letter from a friend, your device needs an IP address to receive information on the internet.

36
Personalizing ads for you and others

A hand holding a mobile phone that shows a map of an airport.

For example, Marcus is going on a trip and wants to use Find Wi-Fi to find free, public Wi-Fi at the airport. He has turned on Location Services on his device and allowed location access on the Facebook app, so we can use his GPS information to help him find the most relevant public Wi-Fi networks. We’ll also use this information to show him ads for local businesses near the airport.

Later, Marcus turns off Location Services before he lands, so we don’t collect his GPS information anymore. Later on his trip, he opens the Facebook app, and we can use the IP address we receive to estimate Marcus’ general location and show him ads for businesses nearby.

37
Helping to keep your account secure

For example, we use information about the locations you normally log in from, combined with other information, to detect suspicious activity. So if we detect an attempt to log into your account from a new location, we can check that it’s really you.

38
Partner

A person, business, organization or body using or integrating our Products to advertise, market or support their products and services

39
Information we provide about different types of people

For example, we might tell an advertiser that their ad was seen by women aged 25–34 who live in Madrid and like software engineering.

40
Third party

A person, business, organization or body that is not part of the Meta Companies

41
Providing more personalized features, content and suggestions across our Products

For example we can:

    Automatically fill in registration information, like your phone number, from one Meta Product when you sign up for an account on a different Product
    Let others see and search your name and profile photo across our Products and communicate with you
    Show all interactions in one place for content you’ve cross-posted to different Products

42
Using your information if you add accounts to the same Accounts Center

For example, if you follow your favorite team on Instagram, we can more easily suggest that you follow that team’s Page on Facebook.

Learn more about how we use information across accounts if you add accounts to the same Accounts Center.

43
Device

Devices include computers, phones, hardware, connected TVs, Meta Quest and other web-connected devices.

44
Service provider

A person, business, organization or body that provides services to Meta or to our users on behalf of Meta. For example, our service providers do things like investigate suspicious activity and provide customer support.

45
Supplemental policies

Return to top
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights

    You can choose to share information on our Products or with integrated partners
    Remember to share only with people you trust
    You might decide to use a product that integrates with one of ours, like if you use Facebook Login to log into a music service or a shopping site
    If you do, that organization will ask you to receive some information about you, like your email address or birthday

Hands holding a phone, using Facebook Login to log into an Integrated Partner's website.
On Meta Products

Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our Products[46]:
People and accounts you share and communicate with

When you share and communicate using our Products, you can sometimes choose the audience[47] for what you share.

When you interact with people or businesses, they can see:
What you share with them

For example, the audience you choose can see when you:

    Share a post you’ve written
    Share a photo or video
    Create a story
    Share a news article
    Add information to your profile

What you communicate with them

People you interact with can see what you send to them. So if you send a person or a business a message on Messenger or Instagram, that person or business can read your message.
Some of your activity

People and businesses can also see some of your activity on our Products. This includes when you:

    Comment on or react to others’ posts
    Engage with ads or other sponsored or commercial content, like by commenting or liking
    Allow content you've shared about a product in a Shop to be shared across our Products
    View their story on Facebook or Instagram
    Connect a new Meta device, like smart glasses, to your account

When you’re active

Some of our Products might provide you with settings that allow others to see when you're active on our Products, such as “active status.” In some cases, we also offer settings that allow others to see when you’re active in a particular section of one of our Products, like a message thread, game or event, or when you last used one of our Products.

Learn how to update your Active Status on Facebook and Messenger, or how to update your Activity Status on Instagram.
Content others share or reshare about you
Who can see or reshare your content

People in your audience can view your content and can choose to share it with others outside your audience, on and off our Products. For example, when you share a post or send a message to specific friends, they can download, screenshot or reshare it with anyone, on, across or off our Products.

When you comment on a post or react to a photo, your comment or reaction can be seen by anyone who can see the post or photo. This can include people you aren’t connected to. The person who shared the post can also change their audience at any time after you’ve interacted with it.
How information about you can be shared

People who use our Products can share information about you with the audience they choose. For example, they can:

    Share a photo or video of you in a post, comment, story, reel or message
    Mention you in a post or story
    Tag you in a post, comment, story or location
    Share details about you in a post, story or message

If you’re uncomfortable with what others have shared about you on our Products, you can always choose to report posts and stories.
Take control

Manage tags
Public content
What content is public?

Some of your information and activity are always public. This includes:

    Your name
    Facebook and Instagram username
    Profile picture
    Activity on public groups, Pages and channels
    Your avatars

Other content you can choose to set to Public, like posts, photos and videos you post to your profile, Stories or Reels.
Who can see public content?

When content is public, it can be seen by anyone on or across our Products, and in some cases off our Products, even if they don’t have an account.

For example, if you comment on Marketplace, a public Facebook Page or a public Instagram account, or if you leave a rating or review, your comment, rating or review will be visible to anyone. It could appear in any of our Products or be seen by anyone, including off our Products.
Where can public content be shared?

We, you and people using our Products can send public content (like your profile photo, or information you share on a Facebook Page or public Instagram account) to anyone on, across or off our Products. For example, users can share it in a public forum, or it can appear in search results on the internet.

Public content can also be seen, accessed, reshared or downloaded through third-party services, like:

    Search engines. Learn more[48].
    APIs
    The media, like TV
    Other apps and websites connected to our Products 

Take control

Manage public information
With integrated partners

You can choose to connect with integrated partners[49] who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.

These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
Information they receive automatically

When you use an integrated partner’s products or services, they can access:

    What you post or share from these products or services
    What you use their services to do
    Information from and about the device you’re using
    The language setting you’ve chosen on our Products

See examples[50] of when an integrated partner might receive your information.
Information they receive with your permission

Sometimes these integrated partners ask you for permission to access certain additional information from your Facebook, Instagram or Messenger account. In their request, they’ll explain what information they’d like to access and let you choose whether to share it.

On Facebook, this includes things like your email address, hometown or birthday. On Instagram, this includes content, like photos and videos, that you’ve shared from your account when the account was set to private.

Learn what happens if you choose to share your friends list, or if your friends choose to share their friends list.[51]

We automatically log when you receive a request from an integrated partner to access your information. These requests to access information are separate from the Apps and Websites access that you manage in your Facebook or Instagram ad settings or in your mobile device settings.
How long they can access your information

Apps or websites you’ve logged into using Facebook Login or connected to your Instagram account can access your nonpublic information on Meta Products unless it appears to us that you haven’t used the app or website in 90 days. Note that even if an app’s access to your information has expired, it can still retain information you shared with it previously.

We encourage you to visit your Apps and Websites settings from time to time to review which apps and websites continue to have access to your information through Facebook Login or Instagram.
Take control

Manage apps and websites
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service

Integrated partners receive information about your activity when you interact with other Facebook, Instagram or Messenger users while they’re using the integrated partner’s product or service.

For example, a gamer livestreams to Facebook using a partner app. Then you comment on that livestream. The app developer will receive information about your comment.
How integrated partners handle your information

Integrated partners handle the information you share with them according to their own terms and policies, not Meta’s. You can review their privacy policy on their website or app to learn how they receive and process your information. In some cases, they use a separate service provider to receive and process your information.
More resources

46
What Products does this policy cover?

A Meta Quest, a mobile phone showing the Facebook, Instagram and Messenger apps, and a pair of Ray-Ban Stories glasses sit on a table.

This policy describes the information we, Meta Platforms, Inc., process to provide Meta Products. Meta Products, which we also call "Products," include:

    Facebook
    Messenger
    Instagram (including apps like Boomerang and Threads)
    Facebook Portal products
    Meta Platforms Technologies Products, such as Meta Horizon Worlds or Meta Quest (when using a Facebook or Meta account)
    Shops
    Marketplace
    Meta Spark
    Business products, such as Meta Business Tools and Meta Business Suite
    Meta Audience Network
    Facebook View
    Meta Pay
    Meta checkout experiences

Some of our Products also have a supplemental privacy policy[52] that adds to the information provided in this policy.

47
Choosing an audience

On Facebook, the audience can be made up of:

    The public, including people on and off Facebook
    Your friends and other connections, such as the friends of people you tag
    A customized list of people
    Yourself
    The members of a single community, such as a group

On Instagram, you can set the audience for what you share by choosing between a private or public account. With a private account, only followers you approve can see what you share. With a public account, your posts and other content on Instagram can be seen by anyone, on or off our Products, including if they don’t have an account. You can restrict the audience for your content by blocking individual accounts from viewing them. You can also create a close friends list for certain types of content that only the people on that list can see.
Take control
Audience settings are different from app permissions

Your audience settings are different from the permissions you give to individual apps and websites to access your information. Read our policy about how you may share information with integrated partners.

48
Search engines

You can visit your privacy settings to control whether search engines outside Facebook can link to your profile. But other public content–like if you post with your audience set to Public, or post on public Pages or accounts–might still be accessible through search engines, depending on the settings of that account.

49
Integrated partner

A partner who uses technologies that help you make a connection to them through our Products, including plugins, login, checkout experiences, instant games, and other such integrations

50
When an integrated partner might receive your information

Two friends playing a game on their mobile phones while a third watches them play and cheers.

For example, you might use your Facebook login to play an online game with your Facebook friends. The game developer automatically receives information about your activities in the game.
When an integrated partner might receive your information

Hands using a tablet to tap the Like button on a news article.

Or you might use the Facebook Like button on an article posted on a news website. The website developer automatically receives information about your Like on their article.

51
Sharing friends lists
When you share your friends list

If you use Facebook Login to log into an app, the app developer might request access to your list of Facebook friends. Here's what happens if you give the app developer permission to view these lists:

    They can view and access a list of your Facebook friends who use the same app and have given the app permission to access their list of friends. They can’t access nonpublic information about your friends or followers through this process. Note that the app developer will receive more information about your friends if your friends choose to share it themselves. They can share it by providing the information directly or giving the developer permission to access information from their account.
    You’ll appear on friends lists that your Facebook friends can choose to share with the same app. You can remove this permission, or the app entirely, if you later decide that you don’t want to share your friends list with an app, or don’t want to appear on other friends lists shared with that app.

When your friends share their friends list

Your friends might choose to share their friends lists with app developers through Facebook Login. But your friends can’t use Facebook Login to share nonpublic information about you.

52
Supplemental policies

Return to top
How can you manage or delete your information and exercise your rights?
Highlights

    You have rights to view and download the information we have about you
    You can use the settings in this section to manage your privacy
    You also can delete your account or specific account information, if you want to

We offer you a variety of tools to view, manage, download and delete your information below. You can also manage your information by visiting the settings of the Products you use. You may also have other privacy rights under applicable laws.

To exercise your rights, visit our Help Centers, your settings for Facebook and Instagram and your device-based settings.
Take a privacy checkup
View and manage your information
Port, download or delete your information

You can learn more about how privacy works on Facebook and on Instagram, and in the Facebook Help Center. If you have questions about this policy, you can contact us as described below. In some countries, you may also be able to contact the Data Protection Officer for Meta Platforms, Inc., and depending on your jurisdiction, you may also contact your local Data Protection Authority (“DPA”) directly.

68
Manage the ads you see on our Products

Visit your ad preferences.
Manage Meta ads you see off our Products

We advertise our own products and services on non-Meta ad platforms. We use marketing vendors to deliver these ads. Here’s how to opt out of our tailored ads you see off our Products:

    Cookie-based opt out: If applicable and available in your jurisdiction, you may use the Digital Advertising Alliance industry opt-out platform, available in English and Spanish. Residents of Canada may use the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada industry opt-out platform. If you apply certain ad blockers and tools to restrict cookies, it may interfere with your ability to opt out.
    Mobile phone-based opt out: Check your mobile device settings. Different manufacturers provide different ways to opt out of advertisements.
    Other online identifiers: You may use the NAI industry opt-out platform. 

69
Port your information

In certain cases and subject to applicable law, you have the right to port your information.

70
Delete your information or account

To delete your information, you can:

    Find and delete specific information. We offer tools you can use to delete certain information. For example, you can use Delete buttons to delete content you’ve posted to your account. You can also use tools like activity log on Facebook to send content to the trash in bulk. When you delete content, it’s no longer visible to other users. Visit the Facebook Help Center or Instagram Help Center to learn what happens when you delete your content or move it to trash.
    Permanently delete your account. If you delete your account on Facebook or Instagram, we delete your information, including the things you’ve posted, such as your photos and status updates, unless we need to keep it as described in "How long do we keep your information?" Once your account is permanently deleted you won’t be able to reactivate it, and you won’t be able to retrieve information, including content you’ve posted. 

How long does it take to delete your information?

If you request that we delete your account or content, it may take up to 90 days to delete your information after we begin the account deletion process or receive a content deletion request. After the information is deleted, it may take us up to another 90 days to remove it from backups and disaster recovery.

If you leave your deleted content in your trash on Facebook or your Recently Deleted folder on Instagram, the deletion process will begin automatically in 30 days. Or you can start the deletion process right away by deleting the content from your trash or Recently Deleted folder.

Return to top
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights

    We keep information for as long as we need it to provide a feature or service
    But you can request that we delete your information
    We’ll delete that information unless we have to keep it for something else, like for legal reasons

We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:

    If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account. Learn more[71].
    The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages. Learn more[72].
    How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations. See some examples[73].
    If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products 

In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time. Read our policy[74] about when we may preserve your information.

71
If we need it to operate or provide our Products

For example, we keep profile information, photos you’ve posted (and not deleted) and security information for the lifetime of your account.

And when you search for something on Facebook, we keep your search history until you clear the search in your activity log or delete your account. Once you clear a search or delete your account, it will no longer be visible to you, and it will be deleted[75].

But even if you don’t clear your search or delete your account, within six months of your search we delete information about that search that isn’t necessary to show you your search history, like information about the device you were using, or your location.

72
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works

A person at a birthday party, using a phone to send a message in vanish mode.

For example, May is planning a surprise party for Yang. She sends Cynthia the party details in Messenger using vanish mode so that the message will disappear. The message will no longer be visible to May once she leaves the chat, and Cynthia will see the message only the first time she opens the chat thread.

After Cynthia reads the message, the content is deleted after one hour. If Cynthia never reads it, it’s deleted after 14 days.

73
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations

For example, we retain information for as long as we need it for:

    A legal request or obligation, including obligations of Meta Companies or to comply with applicable law
    A governmental investigation
    A legal claim, complaint, litigation or regulatory proceedings

74
Why we may preserve your information longer

Your information, including financial transaction data related to purchases or money transfers made on our Products, may be preserved and accessed for a longer time period if it’s related to any of the following:

    A legal request or obligation, including obligations of Meta Companies or to comply with applicable law
    A governmental investigation
    An investigation of possible violations of our terms or policies
    To prevent harm
    For safety, security and integrity purposes
    To protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
    If it’s needed in relation to a legal claim, complaint, litigation or regulatory proceedings

See some examples[76].

In some cases, we may preserve your information based on the above reasons even after you request deletion of your account or some of your content. We may also preserve information from accounts that have been disabled and content that has been removed for violations of our terms and policies.

75
Delete your information or account

To delete your information, you can:

    Find and delete specific information. We offer tools you can use to delete certain information. For example, you can use Delete buttons to delete content you’ve posted to your account. You can also use tools like activity log on Facebook to send content to the trash in bulk. When you delete content, it’s no longer visible to other users. Visit the Facebook Help Center or Instagram Help Center to learn what happens when you delete your content or move it to trash.
    Permanently delete your account. If you delete your account on Facebook or Instagram, we delete your information, including the things you’ve posted, such as your photos and status updates, unless we need to keep it as described in "How long do we keep your information?" Once your account is permanently deleted you won’t be able to reactivate it, and you won’t be able to retrieve information, including content you’ve posted. 

How long does it take to delete your information?

If you request that we delete your account or content, it may take up to 90 days to delete your information after we begin the account deletion process or receive a content deletion request. After the information is deleted, it may take us up to another 90 days to remove it from backups and disaster recovery.

If you leave your deleted content in your trash on Facebook or your Recently Deleted folder on Instagram, the deletion process will begin automatically in 30 days. Or you can start the deletion process right away by deleting the content from your trash or Recently Deleted folder.

76
Examples of why we might preserve your information
To respond to a legal request

For example, we might preserve your information after you delete your account when we receive a valid legal request, such as a preservation order or search warrant, related to your account.
To comply with applicable law

For example, we preserve certain information about purchases or transactions associated with an account, in line with Meta’s accounting obligations.
For safety, security and integrity purposes

For example, if we disable an account for violating our terms or policies, we preserve information about that user to prevent them from opening a new account.

We also might preserve some of your account information as part of our review of suspicious activity. This includes any suspicious activity associated with our financial products, like suspected money laundering or terrorist funding.
For litigation

We may preserve your information where we deem it necessary for reasons related to a legal claim or complaint. For example, we may be required to defend ourselves in legal proceedings in a claim related to your information.

Return to top
How do we transfer information?
Highlights

    Because we connect people all around the world, we need to transfer information all around the world, too
    When we do this, we follow international regulations to keep your information safe

Why is information transferred to other countries?

We share the information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers, and externally with our partners[77], measurement vendors[78], service providers[79] and other third parties[80]. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary for a variety of reasons, including:

    So we can operate and provide the services stated in the terms of the Meta Product[81] you’re using and this Policy. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe.
    So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products

Where is information transferred?

Your information will be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in:

    Places we have infrastructure or data centers, including the United States, Ireland, Denmark and Sweden, among others
    Countries where Meta Company Products are available
    Other countries where our partners, vendors, service providers and other third parties are located outside of the country where you live, for purposes as described in this Policy

How do we safeguard your information?

We rely on appropriate mechanisms[82] for international data transfers.

We also make sure that appropriate safeguards are in place whenever we transfer your information. For example, we encrypt your information when it’s in transit over public networks to protect it from unauthorized access.

77
Partner

A person, business, organization or body using or integrating our Products to advertise, market or support their products and services

78
Measurement vendor

A third party that creates reports to help advertisers understand how their content and ads are performing. These reports also measure whether people took an action after seeing an ad.

79
Service provider

A person, business, organization or body that provides services to Meta or to our users on behalf of Meta. For example, our service providers do things like investigate suspicious activity and provide customer support.

80
Third party

A person, business, organization or body that is not part of the Meta Companies

81
What Products does this policy cover?

A Meta Quest, a mobile phone showing the Facebook, Instagram and Messenger apps, and a pair of Ray-Ban Stories glasses sit on a table.

This policy describes the information we, Meta Platforms, Inc., process to provide Meta Products. Meta Products, which we also call "Products," include:

    Facebook
    Messenger
    Instagram (including apps like Boomerang and Threads)
    Facebook Portal products
    Meta Platforms Technologies Products, such as Meta Horizon Worlds or Meta Quest (when using a Facebook or Meta account)
    Shops
    Marketplace
    Meta Spark
    Business products, such as Meta Business Tools and Meta Business Suite
    Meta Audience Network
    Facebook View
    Meta Pay
    Meta checkout experiences

Some of our Products also have a supplemental privacy policy[83] that adds to the information provided in this policy.

82
Mechanisms we use for global data transfers

We rely on appropriate mechanisms for international data transfers. For example, for information we collect:

    We utilize standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission and by other relevant authorities.
    We rely on determinations from the European Commission, and from other relevant authorities, about whether other countries have adequate levels of data protection.
    We use equivalent mechanisms under applicable laws that apply to data transfers to the United States and other relevant countries.

83
Supplemental policies

Return to top
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights

    Sometimes we have to provide information to respond to legal requests when necessary
    If there’s a law that says we need to keep your information for some reason, we need to comply with it. So we’ll keep information to obey that law.
    We also sometimes keep information that we think will help prevent or stop bad activity, either on our Products or in the world

We access, preserve, use and share your information:

    In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from third parties[84] such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities. Learn more[85] about when we respond to legal requests.
    In accordance with applicable law
    To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta Products[86], users, employees, property and the public. Learn more[87].

We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time. Learn more[88].

84
Third party

A person, business, organization or body that is not part of the Meta Companies

85
When we respond to legal requests

We respond to legal requests where we’re required by law to do so, and at times where we're not compelled by law, but a response:

    May affect users in that jurisdiction, and
    Is consistent with internationally recognized standards including, for example, our Corporate Human Rights Policy. 

Learn more about government requests and how we’ve responded.

86
What Products does this policy cover?

A Meta Quest, a mobile phone showing the Facebook, Instagram and Messenger apps, and a pair of Ray-Ban Stories glasses sit on a table.

This policy describes the information we, Meta Platforms, Inc., process to provide Meta Products. Meta Products, which we also call "Products," include:

    Facebook
    Messenger
    Instagram (including apps like Boomerang and Threads)
    Facebook Portal products
    Meta Platforms Technologies Products, such as Meta Horizon Worlds or Meta Quest (when using a Facebook or Meta account)
    Shops
    Marketplace
    Meta Spark
    Business products, such as Meta Business Tools and Meta Business Suite
    Meta Audience Network
    Facebook View
    Meta Pay
    Meta checkout experiences

Some of our Products also have a supplemental privacy policy[89] that adds to the information provided in this policy.

87
How we promote safety, security and integrity

We share your information with law enforcement, government authorities, Meta Companies and other third parties (including industry peers) when we have a good faith belief it’s necessary to detect, prevent and address a variety of situations, such as:

    Unauthorized use of our Products. See an example.[90]
    Violations of our terms and policies. See an example.[91]
    Investigating suspicious activity
    Protecting ourselves, including our rights, property, personnel or Products
    Preventing abuse, fraud, or other harmful or illegal activity, on and off our Products
    Protecting you or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries
    Emergency situations, such as risk of death or imminent bodily harm

88
Why we may preserve your information longer

Your information, including financial transaction data related to purchases or money transfers made on our Products, may be preserved and accessed for a longer time period if it’s related to any of the following:

    A legal request or obligation, including obligations of Meta Companies or to comply with applicable law
    A governmental investigation
    An investigation of possible violations of our terms or policies
    To prevent harm
    For safety, security and integrity purposes
    To protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
    If it’s needed in relation to a legal claim, complaint, litigation or regulatory proceedings

See some examples[92].

In some cases, we may preserve your information based on the above reasons even after you request deletion of your account or some of your content. We may also preserve information from accounts that have been disabled and content that has been removed for violations of our terms and policies.

89
Supplemental policies

90
Unauthorized use of our Products

For example, if you unlawfully collect and use Facebook user data, we may share your information to defend ourselves against claims or in litigation.

91
Violations of our terms and policies

For example, if you post threatening or harmful content, we may share your information across the Meta Companies to protect ourselves and others. This can include blocking your access to certain features or disabling your account across the Meta Companies.

92
Examples of why we might preserve your information
To respond to a legal request

For example, we might preserve your information after you delete your account when we receive a valid legal request, such as a preservation order or search warrant, related to your account.
To comply with applicable law

For example, we preserve certain information about purchases or transactions associated with an account, in line with Meta’s accounting obligations.
For safety, security and integrity purposes

For example, if we disable an account for violating our terms or policies, we preserve information about that user to prevent them from opening a new account.

We also might preserve some of your account information as part of our review of suspicious activity. This includes any suspicious activity associated with our financial products, like suspected money laundering or terrorist funding.
For litigation

We may preserve your information where we deem it necessary for reasons related to a legal claim or complaint. For example, we may be required to defend ourselves in legal proceedings in a claim related to your information.

Return to top
How will you know the policy has changed?

We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.

Return to top
Why and how we process your information

The categories of information we use, and why and how information is processed, are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
	
Information categories we use (see 'What Information do we collect?' for more information on each information category) The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:

Personalizing the Meta Products[93] (other than ads, see below): Our systems automatically process information we collect and store associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalized experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:

    Personalize features and content (such as your News Feed, Instagram Feed and Stories);
    Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our products.

Learn more about how we use information about you to personalize your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
	

Your activity and information you provide:

    Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
    Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
    Metadata[94] about content
    Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
    Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
    Purchases or other transactions you make
    Hashtags you use
    The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products

Friends, followers and other connections

App, browser and device information:

    Device[95] characteristics and device software
    What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
    Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
    Device signals
    Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
    Location-related information
    Information about the network you connect your device to
    Reports about our products’ performance on your device
    Information from cookies and similar technologies

Information from partners, vendors and third parties

Providing ads on the Meta Products:

Our ads system automatically processes information that we’ve collected and stored associated with you. Our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.

Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested. Learn more[96] about how our ads system works
	

Your activity and information you provide:

    Age
    The gender you provide
    Information about ads we show you and how you engage with those ads

App, browser and device information:

    Location information
    Device characteristics and device software

Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:

    Create and maintain your account and profile,
    Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
    Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
    Provide and curate features,
    Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
    Provide advertising products,
    Understand and enable creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including through artificial intelligence technology we provide,
    Undertake analytics, and
    Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.

We also use information to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we have to:

    See if a product is working correctly,
    Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not,
    Test out new products and features to see if they work,
    Get feedback on our ideas for products or features, and
    Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better.

	

Your activity and information you provide:

    Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
    Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
    Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
    Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to applicable law
    Metadata about content and messages, subject to applicable law
    Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
    Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
    Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
    Hashtags you use
    The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products

Friends, followers and other connections

App, browser and device information:

    Device characteristics and device software
    What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
    Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
    Device signals
    Information you’ve shared through your device settings
    Location-related information
    Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address[97]
    Information from cookies and similar technologies

Information from partners, vendors and third parties

Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to research and help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them, on and off Meta Products. We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:

    Verify accounts and activity,
    Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
    Investigate suspicious activity,
    Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
    Identify and combat disparities and racial bias against historically marginalized communities,
    Protect the life, physical or mental health, well-being or integrity of our users or others,
    Detect and prevent spam, other security matters and other bad experiences,
    Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
    Maintain the integrity of our Products.

For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
	

Your activity and information you provide::

    Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
    Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
    Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to applicable law
    Metadata about content and messages, subject to applicable law
    Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
    Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
    Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
    Hashtags you use
    The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products

Friends, followers and other connections

App, browser and device information:

    Device characteristics and device software
    What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
    Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
    Device signals
    Information you’ve shared through your device settings
    Location-related information
    Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
    Information from cookies and similar technologies

Information from partners, vendors and third parties

To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:

    We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.

We also use contact information like your email address to respond when you contact us.
	

Your activity and information you provide:

    Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
    Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
    Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features

App, browser and device information:

    Device characteristics and device software
    What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
    Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
    Device signals
    Information you’ve shared through your device settings
    Location-related information
    Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
    Information from cookies and similar technologies.

Transferring, storing or processing your information across borders, including from and to the United States and other countries: We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners[98], third parties[99] and service providers[100]. Because Meta is global, with users, partners, vendors and employees around the world, transfers are necessary:

    To operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
    To fix, analyze and improve our Products.

For more information, see the "How do we transfer information?" section of the Meta Privacy Policy.
	

Your activity and information you provide:

    Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
    Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
    Metadata about content and messages, subject to applicable law
    Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
    Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
    Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
    Hashtags you use
    The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products

Friends, followers and other connections

App, browser and device information:

    Device characteristics and device software
    What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
    Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
    Device signals
    Information you’ve shared through your device settings
    Location-related information
    Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
    Information from cookies and similar technologies

Information from partners, vendors and third parties

Processing information subject to special protections under applicable laws that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalize and improve our Products and to undertake analytics. We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual (human), processing for these purposes.
	

Your activity and information you provide:

    Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent

Receiving and using information from third parties to tailor the ads you see: We’ll use information that advertisers, businesses and other partners provide us about activity off Meta Products that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products. See the Cookies Policy for more information.
	

Your activity and information you provide:

    Information and content you provide, such as your name or email address

Information from partners, vendors and third parties

Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request: The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share. For example:

    We share your email (or other contact information) or other information you might choose when you direct us to share it with an advertiser so they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product, and
    If you choose to integrate other apps, games or websites with Meta Products and log in, we’ll share your information with the app, game or website to log you in. 

	

Your activity and information you provide:

    Information such as your contact or profile information
    Content you create, like posts or comments

Providing measurement, analytics and business services:

Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:

    Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their or their clients’ ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off Meta Products, and
    Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their services and how people interact with their websites, apps and services. 

	

Your activity and information you provide:

    Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
    Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
    Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
    Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
    Purchases or other transactions you make
    Hashtags you use
    The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products

Friends, followers and other connections

App, browser and device information:

    Device characteristics and device software
    What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
    Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
    Device signals
    Information you’ve shared through your device settings
    Location-related information
    Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
    Information from cookies and similar technologies

Sharing of information across the Meta Companies:

    To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative experience across the Meta Company Products to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.

	

Your activity and information you provide:

    Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
    Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
    Metadata about content
    Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
    Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
    Purchases or other transactions you make
    Hashtags you use
    The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products

Friends, followers and other connections

App, browser and device information:

    Device characteristics and device software
    What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
    Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
    Device signals
    Information you’ve shared through your device settings
    Location-related information
    Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
    Information from cookies and similar technologies

Business intelligence and analytics:

    To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
    To validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations. 

	

Your activity and information you provide:

    Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
    Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
    Metadata about content and messages, subject to applicable law
    Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
    Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
    Purchases or other transactions you make
    Hashtags you use
    The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products

Friends, followers and other connections

App, browser and device information:

    Device characteristics and device software
    What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
    Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
    Device signals
    Information you’ve shared through your device settings
    Location-related information
    Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
    Information from cookies and similar technologies

Information from partners, vendors and third parties

Identifying you as a Meta Product user and personalizing the ads we show you through Meta Audience Network when you visit other apps:

    When we show you ads through Meta Audience Network when you visit other apps, our systems automatically process the information we have collected and stored about you and others to identify you as a Meta Product user and tailor the ads you see. 

	

Your activity and information you provide:

    Information you provide
    Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
    Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
    Metadata about content
    Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
    Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
    Purchases or other transactions you make
    Hashtags you use
    The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products

Friends, followers and other connections

App, browser and device information:

    Device characteristics and device software
    What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
    Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
    Device signals
    Information you’ve shared through your device settings
    Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
    Information from cookies and similar technologies

Providing marketing communications to you:

    Depending on your settings and subject to applicable law, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
    We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an email, subject to applicable laws.

	

Your activity and information you provide:

    Information and content you provide, including your contact information like email address

App, browser and device information:

    Device identifiers

Research and innovate for social good:

    We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
    For example, we analyze information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
    We collect, store, combine, analyze and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
    We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.

Learn more about our research programs.
	

Your activity and information you provide:

    Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
    Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
    Metadata about content and messages, subject to applicable law
    Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
    Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
    Purchases or other transactions you make
    Hashtags you use
    The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products

Friends, followers and other connections

App, browser and device information:

    Device characteristics and device software
    What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
    Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
    Device signals
    Information you’ve shared through your device settings
    Location-related information
    Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
    Information from cookies and similar technologies

Information from partners, vendors and third parties

Anonymizing your information

In some cases, we anonymize information we have associated with you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
	

Your activity and information you provide:

    Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
    Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
    Metadata about content
    Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
    Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
    Purchases or other transactions you make
    Hashtags you use
    The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products

Friends, followers and other connections

App, browser and device information:

    Device characteristics and device software
    What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
    Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
    Device signals
    Information you’ve shared through your device settings
    Location-related information
    Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
    Information from cookies and similar technologies

Information from partners, vendors and third parties

Sharing information with others, including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.

See the "How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?" section of the Meta Privacy Policy for more for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.

The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).

However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:

    In response to legal requests from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities
    To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes
    To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta Companies, Meta Products, users, employees, property and the public

Learn more about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
	

Your activity and information you provide:

    Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
    Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
    Metadata about content, subject to applicable law
    Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
    Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
    Purchases or other transactions you make
    Hashtags you use

Friends, followers and other connections

App, browser and device information:

    Device characteristics and device software
    What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
    Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
    Device signals
    Information you’ve shared through your device settings
    Location-related information
    Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
    Information from cookies and similar technologies

Information from partners, vendors and third parties

For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information such as a search warrant, we will access, preserve and/or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.

The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances. See the "How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?" section of the Meta Privacy Policy for more. "Information for Law Enforcement Authorities" provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
	

The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be shared or otherwise processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:

Your activity and information you provide:

    Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
    Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
    Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to applicable law
    Metadata about content and messages, subject to applicable law
    Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
    Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
    Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
    Hashtags you use
    The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products

Friends, followers and other connections

App, browser and device information:

    Device characteristics and device software
    What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
    Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
    Device signals
    Information you’ve shared through your device settings
    Location-related information
    Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
    Information from cookies and similar technologies

Information from partners, vendors and third parties

93
What Products does this policy cover?

A Meta Quest, a mobile phone showing the Facebook, Instagram and Messenger apps, and a pair of Ray-Ban Stories glasses sit on a table.

This policy describes the information we, Meta Platforms, Inc., process to provide Meta Products. Meta Products, which we also call "Products," include:

    Facebook
    Messenger
    Instagram (including apps like Boomerang and Threads)
    Facebook Portal products
    Meta Platforms Technologies Products, such as Meta Horizon Worlds or Meta Quest (when using a Facebook or Meta account)
    Shops
    Marketplace
    Meta Spark
    Business products, such as Meta Business Tools and Meta Business Suite
    Meta Audience Network
    Facebook View
    Meta Pay
    Meta checkout experiences

Some of our Products also have a supplemental privacy policy[101] that adds to the information provided in this policy.

94
Metadata

    Information about the content itself, like the location where a photo was taken or the date a file was created
    Information about the message itself, like the type of message or the date and time it was sent

95
Device

Devices include computers, phones, hardware, connected TVs, Meta Quest and other web-connected devices.

96
How our ads system works

Our ads system works in the following way:

    We use your information to determine the ad interests most relevant to you. We try to predict your ad interests based on the information we have, including any choices you've made in Ad preferences.
    Advertisers tell us which audience they want to reach based on who they think will be most interested. This can include things like age, gender, location where advertisers want to show their ad or interests, such as women, based in Dublin, who like golf.
    We review the potential ads that we could show you to identify the most relevant ones. Our ads system automatically reviews all the potential ads where you might fit the audience that advertisers want to reach. For example, you may see potential ads because you match the age range and interest category. We determine which ones to show you based on things like whether it best achieves the advertiser’s goal and is most relevant to you. To do this, we use algorithms and machine learning to order the ads we may show you. We use different factors such as the ad quality, the advertiser's desired audience and budget. We also consider how likely we think it is that you will react to the ad based on things like your activity on Meta Products. Learn more.
    All of this information helps us show you the most relevant ads. When you see an ad on Meta Products (e.g. in your Feed on Facebook), we use this process to choose the most relevant ad to show you.

97
IP address

Stands for "internet protocol address." It’s a unique number assigned to a device, like a phone or computer, that allows it to communicate over the internet. Numbers are assigned according to standard guidelines, or protocols.

Just like you need a mailing address to receive a letter from a friend, your device needs an IP address to receive information on the internet.

98
Partner

A person, business, organization or body using or integrating our Products to advertise, market or support their products and services

99
Third party

A person, business, organization or body that is not part of the Meta Companies

100
Service provider

A person, business, organization or body that provides services to Meta or to our users on behalf of Meta. For example, our service providers do things like investigate suspicious activity and provide customer support.

